docs, app/vmgateway: add description about new `auth.httpHeader` flag (#3134)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [MetricsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html): add [sort_by_label_numeric](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html#sort_by_label_numeric) and [sort_by_label_numeric_desc](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html#sort_by_label_numeric_desc) functions for [numeric sort](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/Version-sort-is-not-the-same-as-numeric-sort.html) of input time series by the specified labels. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2938).
* FEATURE: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup.html) and [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmrestore.html): retry GCS operations for up to 3 minutes on temporary failures. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3147).

> * FEATIRE: [vmgateway](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgateway.html): define HTTP header name to look for JWT authorization token. It helps in such a case when user can't pass a jwt token at the same time because it should be passed in the same http header. See [feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3054).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmgateway](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgateway.html): add ability to extract JWT authorization token from non-standard HTTP header by passing it via `-auth.httpHeader` command-line flag. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3054).
```
